Damn, is this a dying hallucination?
I am a fairy from heaven
Specially to help you
You fairy
Yes, I was called by the heavens.
Come to the world to help you regain the task of changing times
So I don't have to die?
Zhao Zixuan also got the system
But it doesn't come and go.
It's a pirated system.
There are pirated copies of this stuff
Yes, we depend on time.
To screen candidates for immortality
Over the years
The Demon Realm has been interfering with the material selection plan of the Heaven Realm
They are private
Since mixing up a lot of seedlings with the potential to become immortals
As a result, the celestial world is now pro-yellow and does not accept it.
So it's all the work of the devil
Well, the piracy system focuses on harming others and self-interest
They manipulate the piracy system
Let the controller do things for them
Satisfy their selfish desires
As far as I know
Those people didn't end well
Then can you help me?
Give me some power
Or just make me a god or something
We can't use magic to help you.
But I can help you get the system back.
In order to complete the tasks given to you by the system
For yourself
And to save the world